Bump up online-shop to version v0.3.9 (#251)
ease-lab/vSwarm: benchmarks/online-shop/README.md

## Porting to serverless kernel
We took the 9 microservices implementing the functionality of the application and integrated them into vSwarm. The current version of the sources is **[v0.3.9](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/releases/tag/v0.3.9)**.
> Note: To upgrade to another version see the `update_remote_files.sh` script.

> > Warning: This is just a script for your convince. No guarantee that every will work afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Warning: This is just a script for your convenience. No guarantee that everything will work afterwards.
```
